Plymouth Animal Hospital
Home
Services
About Us
Get In Touch
Plymouth Animal Hospital
Home
Services
About Us
Get In Touch
Your Neighborhood Vet
We Can't Wait to Meet Your Pet
Our Services
Plymouth Animal Hospital
offers quality veterinary care in a
friendly
and
convenient
environment.
We’re not your typical corporate run vet. We are a small family practice.  We’ve been a part of the community for over 60 years and we’re pretty proud of that.  We know that your pets are part of your family and at Plymouth Animal Hospital, your pets will get the personal attention they deserve.  Dr. Broder and his staff provide a wide range of services ranging from regular checkups to complex surgeries.  Don’t take our word for it, stop in and see what makes us different. No appointment needed!
Our Services
Walk-ins welcome
No appointment necessary.
Dogs & Cats
We specialize in treating dogs and cats.  We do not currently provide services for other animals.
Regular Checkups
We offer general medicine & wellness exams for your pets.  Walk in during our normal hours for a checkup.
PROCEDURES
We offer most procedures your pet will need, all done in-office.  If you find something we don't offer, we can always refer you to the right specialist.
Procedures
The following is the list of he common procedures that we offer.  If you're looking for something that's not on this list, please give us a call.  If we don't do it ourselves, we can refer you to a specialist.
Spays and neuters, declawing, general surgery, geriatric exams, vaccinations, dentistry, teeth cleaning, microchipping, skin conditions, ear diseases, flea control, heartworm prevention, euthanasia, home euthanasia, and much more.
What They're Saying
“
We love Dr. Broder.  We have a 1.5 year old Labrador/Poodle Mix and Dr. Broder is great with her. He is so gentle and understands that she is a little skittish. He also has recommended so many places to take her for training, various online references and great insights. We called once to ask about a tick and he walked us through the process over the phone and told us to bring her in within a couple days. Overall a great doctor and friendly, helpful staff.
”
— Amanda J
Get in Touch
We are conveniently located on Butler Pike at the corner of Butler and Ridge directly across the street from the Plymouth Square shopping center.
3004 Butler Pike
Conshohocken, PA 19428
Phone
: (610) 828-4788
Fax
: (610) 828-5220
Hours
Mon: 10:30am - 1pm, 4:30pm - 7pm
Tue: 10:30am - 1pm, 4:30pm - 7pm
Wed: 9:30am - 1pm
Thur: 10:30am - 1pm, 4:30pm - 7pm
Fri: 9:30am - 1pm
Sat: Closed
Sun: Closed
Back to Top
Plymouth Animal Hospital, 3004 Butler Pike, Conshohocken, PA, 19428
(610) 828-4788
Website built by
Randy Klein Photography