Home - Mt. Airy
Skip to content
About Us
Service
Wellness
Dentistry
Surgery
Microchipping
Diagnostics & X-Rays
Pharmacy
Early Veterinary Care
Parasite Prevention and Control
Laboratory
Pain Management
Senior Care
Nutritional Counseling
Behavioral Medicine
Essential Pet Vaccinations
What to Expect
Resources
Blog
Contact Us
Pet Portal
Shop Pharmacy
Contact US
Mt. Airy: 215-248-1886
Andorra: 610-825-6622
Facebook
Mt. Airy:
215-248-1886
Andorra:
610-825-6622
Pet Portal Login
About Us
Services
What to Expect
Blog
Resources
Shop Pharmacy
Contact
About Us
Services
What to Expect
Blog
Resources
Shop Pharmacy
Contact
Schedule Appointment
Your Pet,
Our Priority
Mt. Airy’s Trusted Veterinary Team for Compassionate, Complete Pet Care
Schedule Now
Happy pets, happy humans!
Our skilled veterinary team treats dogs, cats, and small mammals with the personalized care and attention each animal deserves. Whether your pet needs a routine exam or a more advanced procedure, we’re with you at every step, with straightforward communication and true empathy.
Request an Appointment
Our Services
International Health Certificates
Wellness
Dentistry
Surgery
Microchipping
Diagnostics & X-Rays
Pharmacy
Early Veterinary Care
Parasite Prevention and Control
Laboratory
Pain Management
Senior Care
Nutritional Counseling
Behavioral Medicine
Essential Pet Vaccinations
View All Services
Shop Our Online Store
Prescriptions
Food
Products
Delivered right to your door
Go Shopping
What Our Happy Clients Are Saying
See why Mount Airy pet parents trust us with their animals’ health, happiness, and well-being.
J Ho
August 17, 2025
This clinic is the opposite of what that one negative review suggested. Dr. Niggemeier is caring, respectful, and extremely knowledgeable, and her staff are just as wonderful. They’re always friendly, helpful, and willing to go the extra mile for both pets and their people. It’s hard to imagine anyone walking away with a bad experience here, they truly care about every animal that comes through the door.
Wanda Williams
May 8, 2025
I love this clinic! Friendly,  thorough, professional staff are excellent at following up even after the appointment.
Scott H
March 17, 2025
Friendly, welcoming staff. Never feel rushed as the exam are thorough and I’m always given the opportunity to ask questions. Dr. Niggemeier is my #1 trusted  go to source when it comes to my dogs care.
Matt Bitonti
June 14, 2024
The fine people at Andorra vet clinic handled my cat's difficult health situation with love and attention. The vet was extremely experienced and very smart. This place is excellent, all stars.
Susan Goldmann
January 26, 2024
We love coming here - the staff is great, and Dr. Niggemeyer is super. They work you in when your pet's ill and always call back promptly. They are a caring wonderful group of professionals.
Matt Sherlock
October 31, 2023
Absolutely love Dr. Niggemeier and her team! We've used them for puppies, kittens, dogs, cats, and end-of-life pets and they're always wonderful and knowledgeable and compassionate. Couldn't ask for a finer vet service!
Jules C
October 23, 2023
I had the painful task of having to have my beautiful Siamese euthanized due to blood clots and the staff handled the entire situation perfectly. They were humane and kind at a very much needed moment to be able to say goodbye to our family member.
No Name
September 27, 2023
The best vet, we love Dr. N!
Shannon Morton
September 15, 2023
Absolutely wonderful experience at Andorra Vet Clinic!  Unfortunately, I came here to say goodbye to my best friend.  The doctor was so understanding and comforting.  She let me take my time and didn't do anything until I was ready.  The prices here were more than fair and less than other vets in the area.  The vet techs were professional, highly experienced, and were great at placing an IV on my less than cooperative dog.  I only had to wait a couple of minutes for my appointment while the doc was finishing up with another patient.  They really made a difficult process so smooth and easier for me.  I will absolutely be back with my other dog to get him caught up on vaccines soon!  Thanks to the entire staff for my fantastic experience!
Kia Apgar
August 13, 2023
Excellent, knowledgeable vet and patient with the animals. They just need more parking
Frances TItcombe
July 15, 2023
I have been coming to Andorra (and the Mt. Airy location) for 20 years. As a lifelong dog owner and a professional pet caregiver, I have been to many of the other local vets. This place is by far the best around. The doctors are all excellent and the vet techs and other staff are all great. I genuinely enjoy bringing my pets for the annual visits and I am so grateful for their excellent care when my pets are sick. Everyone there is always so nice and helpful and friendly and their prices are very reasonable. Highly recommend.
Jacenta Thomas
April 10, 2023
They we're very nice and they took care of my baby
Paul Kleschick
October 1, 2022
Everyone here is awesome and they take time to explain my pets' health, offer options, and help the humans help their fur babies. Can't say enough about the talented and loving team here.
Paul moffitt
January 13, 2022
Dr Negemeyer is the best vet. Very conscientious and very smart. Also in excellent surgeon and goes above and beyond.
Mary Wilson
October 19, 2021
Doctor Andrea is very kind, thorough and knowledgeable. If Striper likes her I KNOW she's good.
Lisa SantomenHellberg
August 10, 2021
Best vet place ever! Dr. N. gives the most thoughtful, current, high quality care to both of our Shiloh Shepherds over these many years. The techs and office folks are professional and helpful with daily appointments as well as serious situations. Our boys have excellent care here.
Wayne Heimbach
April 29, 2021
Awesome
Anthony Galzarano
January 22, 2021
Very professional and competent.
Matt Wufsus
December 9, 2020
Caring and responsive veterinarians and staff.
Ruth Hoskins
November 16, 2020
We adore our animals so we want the best. Andora Vet is great! We go there because of all the staff but especially Dr N. You're the very very best!
Susan Hershey
November 8, 2020
Dr Niggemeier is the best!
Cory Fehl
September 15, 2020
great service, excellent vets, always pleasant and they fit me in when I had an issue with my dog
Jenny Benny
August 8, 2020
They treat you like family 😻. The staff is really great here. they do their best to get you the answers you need for your furry babies.
Riki Strosser
July 25, 2020
Great vets and techs here. They are excellent with our dogs and cats and I highly recommend them to anyone.  They are also associated with mount airy animal hospital which is also excellent.
Lauren O'Neill
June 30, 2020
Such a great group of people who love animals. They are kind, patient and accomodating---especially during the pandemic.
Adam Tracey
June 27, 2020
I’ve been taking my boxer to Andorra Vet for 10 years because of a high recommendation from someone with very lofty expectations. I could not be happier with my choice a decade later! Dr. Niggemeier is the absolute best and the staff is so caring and knowledgeable. Thanks for taking the best care of my pooch!!!
Ace_Shodowninja xX
June 18, 2020
Always take care of my little one!
Wayne D
November 14, 2019
Great care for our Lilly. Very knowledgeable and fair pricing.
Robin Young
October 3, 2019
Andorra Veteriary and My Airy Animal Hospital are the best around
I would recommend them highly. I like the doctors and staff👍
Jerry Klein
July 13, 2019
Very caring, knowledgeable, helpful vet and staff.  We go a good distance to use the vet here (also practices at Mount Airy Vet Clinic).
Helpful Resources
Animal Poison Control
Visit Now
PSPCA Shelter
Visit Now
6 Early Signs of Ear Infection in Dogs: What Every Pet Owner Should Know
Visit Now
Sign up to receive special offers & news.
We will keep you up to date on important announcements from From Mt. Airy Animal Hospital and Andorra Veterinary Clinic
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.
Email
Email
*
Submit
Facebook
Navigation
About Us
Services
What to Expect
Blog
Shop Pharmacy
Contact Us
Pet Portal
FAQ
About Us
Services
What to Expect
Blog
Shop Pharmacy
Contact Us
Pet Portal
FAQ
Mt. Airy Animal Hospital
114 E. Mount Airy Ave
Philadelphia, PA 19119
Phone: 215-248-1886
Mon to Fri: 8:30am - 7:00pm
Sat: 8:30am - 4:00pm
Sun: 10:00am - 1:00pm
Closed daily from
1:00pm - 2:00pm for lunch.
Andorra Vet Clinic
638 Ridge Pike
Lafayette Hill, PA 19444
Phone: 610-825-6622
Mon: 9:00am - 3:00pm
Tue: Closed
Wed: 9:00am - 7:00pm
Thu: 9:00am - 3:00pm
Fri: 9:00am - 4:00pm
Sat and Sun: Closed
© 2026  Mt. Airy Animal Hospital. All rights reserved.
Policies
Sitemap
Website by
UNLTD FIX
Traveling Internationally with Your Pet?
Start early—international health certificates can take months to prepare. Our USDA-accredited veterinarian will guide you every step of the way.
Learn More
Dr Marisa Brunetti
Veterinarian/Owner
Dr. Marisa Brunetti brings over 15 years of veterinary experience to Mt Airy Animal Hospital and Andorra Veterinary Clinic, with a passion for educating pet parents and advocating for animals and their people. She earned her veterinary degree from the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine in 2010 and holds a BS in Public Relations and Biology from Syracuse University. She also has a passion for shelter and forensic veterinary medicine, speaking for those who can’t speak for themselves.
She shares her home with her husband, daughter Ava, an old lady cat named Phoenix, and two dogs – Lois Lane, a mutt from the streets of Houston, and Oliver, a Pennsylvania chihuahua who runs the household.
Dr. Emily Seymour
Veterinarian
Dr. Emily Seymour brings a wealth of experience and compassion to her veterinary practice. A proud alumna of the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine, Dr. Seymour spent part of her youth in Mt. Airy, Philadelphia, and is thrilled to be serving the community she once called home.
Outside the clinic, Dr. Seymour enjoys hiking, birding, gardening, and playing chess. She and her husband are the proud parents of twin daughters, Audrey and Maya, and share their home with a lively crew of animal companions. Dr. Seymour speaks both English and Spanish, allowing her to connect with a diverse range of pet owners.