About Us - Pet Dermatology Center Philadelphia
(267) 427-2806
info@petdermphilly.com
Mon - Thur: 8am-6pm | Fri-Sun: Closed
Request Appointment
Online Pharmacy
267.427.2806
request appointment
Home
About Us
About Us
Our Team
Our Services
Our Hospital
For Veterinarians
Our Partnership
Ask PDC
For Pet Owners
FAQs
Allergy Testing Information
Parking Info
Contact Us
Home Delivery
About Us
We are a  specialized veterinary dermatology office committed to providing the highest standard of care and service to our clients and patients.
Britt Levy, VMD, DACVD
Meet Dr. Levy
VMD, DACVD
Dr. Levy began her studies at the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine, from which she graduated in 2015. She then continued her training with internships at BluePearl Pet Hospital in Michigan and at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, followed by a 3-year residency in Veterinary Dermatology and Immunology at North Carolina State University.
‍
Dr. Levy has a deep passion for research. Post-residency, she studied the translational aspects of human and canine autoimmune disease as a fellow in the lab of noted dermatologist, Dr. Aimee Payne, at the University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine.
‍
Prior to her career in veterinary medicine, Dr. Levy studied art history and Italian at Columbia University in New York.  She previously worked in diverse fields such as museum education, fine art and antique appraisal, and non-profits. Dr. Levy comes from a long line of teachers and as such, she is firmly dedicated to always providing an open, accessible, and stress-free client experience. Dr. Levy was born and raised in Philadelphia, where she currently lives with her husband, two pugs and two cats.
Dr. Levy’s expertise in dermatology has been featured by the American Kennel Club (AKC), where she has shared insights on dermatologic conditions in dogs:
Alopecia X in Dogs: What Pet Owners Should Know
Immunotherapy for Canine Allergies: How Allergy Shots Help Dogs Feel Better
Meet Our Team
Matt
Practice Manager
Sage
Veterinary Technician
Sara
Client Care Coordinator
Marcus
Veterinary Technician
Nyerera
Client Care Coordinator
Nick
Veterinary Assistant
Sara
Client Care Coordinator
Our Services
We offer a broad range of dermatologic diagnostic and therapeutic procedures
Conditions We Treat
Atopic dermatitis and otitis (allergic skin and ear disease)
Pyoderma (skin infections)
Otitis Externa (ear infections)
Pruritus (itch)
Foot/Claw/Nail Diseases
Papillomas (viral warts)
Fungal Disease/Ringworm
Autoimmune Skin Disease
Procedures We Perform
Allergy Testing & Immunotherapy
Immunotherapy is a treatment for environmental allergies and is based on a skin or blood test. It can be administered subcutaneously as shots or sublingually as drops. Allergy shots/drops contain small amounts of relevant allergens, based on a pet’s test results, and gradually retrain their immune system to not react to these allergens anymore over time.
learn more
Electrocautery
Electrocautery is the use of heat to cut through and remove unwanted tissue. It is very useful for removing small benign skin masses or “skin tags” without the need for anesthesia or sedation.
learn more
Skin Biopsy
For some issues, a diagnosis can only be obtained by examining a sample of the skin under a microscope (often with the use of special stains). Patients are typically sedated and a small (6-8mm) sample of skin is removed under local anesthesia.The site is closed with sutures and patients go home the same day. These samples are then sent to a pathologist at the University of Pennsylvania with special expertise in Dermatopathology - results are returned within 7-10days.
learn more
FluorescentLight Energy Therapy (PHOVIA)
PHOVIA involves use of a special full-spectrum, non-invasive, painless  fluorescent light device in combination with a light-activated gel to accelerate the skin’s natural healing process. This practice is best suited for “hot spots'' and non-healing wounds. See
https://phoviausa.com/
for more detailed information.
learn more
Menu
Home
About Us
For Veterinarians
Ask PDC
For Pet Owners
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
(267) 427-2806
18 S Letitia St
Philadelphia, PA 19106
info@petdermphilly.com
Call us today, or request an appointment to connect with a member of our team and book a consultation.
CALL US
request appointment
This website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience and analyze site traffic. For more information about how we use cookies, please see our
Privacy Policy
.
Preferences
Reject
Accept
Manage Consent Preferences by Category
Essentials
Always active
Necessary for the site to function. Always On.
Marketing
Used for targeted advertising.
Personalization
Remembers your preferences and provides enhanced features.
Analytics
Measures usage and improves your experience.
Reject All
Accept All
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.