Boothwyn PA Transmission Repair and service, Delaware County
Transmission Repair - Boothwyn PA
Contact us
Find a Location
610 485 0700
About Us
Affiliations & Certifications
Customer Testimonials
Links
Meet Our Staff
Services
Customer Testimonials
Our Services
Service Warranties
Locations
Contact Us
Charlie's Transmission Service and Complete Car Care
Home
Charlie's Transmission
Charlie's Transmission welcomes you to our automatic transmission repair shop website. We are no longer just a transmission repair facility, we also offer complete car care. We can accomodate all your automotive repair needs.The technicians at our shop are highly qualified and ready to deliver their expert automotive repair knowledge & skills for your every automotive question.
Our automatic transmission shop is proud to be affiliated with the non-profit organization known as the
Automatic Transmission Rebuilder Association (ATRA)
. As an ATRA member our automatic transmission repair shop adheres to the service and repair definitions which are a part of the
ATRA bylaws and code of ethics
.
Charlie's Transmission pledges to all of our customers that we will not remove a transmission from a vehicle in order to complete a repair unless absolutely necessary. Additionally, our shop also helps  to diagnose automotive problems for our local and surrounding area customers, in an honest and expert manner. Our shop strives to provide prompt and courteous service to all who visit our automotive repair facility ,in the hope that you will come back to us for all of your automotive transmission and general repair needs.
We at Charlie's Transmission Service, go above and beyond, we also keep up to date with all the latest information available, as to help perform the best repairs possible.
We are now offering factory computer software updates for your vehicle.Like updating your smartphone, new calibrations to your computers can help your vehicle run so much better.
These software enhancements can also correct problems that replacing parts simply cannot fix. These complaints are computer malfunctions, that can be corrected by re-writing your computers memory with new calibrations.
Check engine lights, or any other warning indicators for that matter, are your cars way of telling you, " Hey, have someone take a look at me please." We are that someone.
So if your vehicle has any symptoms that no one can give you an answer to, or if you have been living with a complaint that has you scratching your head, maybe it's time for the staff at Charlie's Transmissions to have a look at it. It could be a factory update that will fix your car, without the need for replacing lots of expensive parts!
Testimonials
"I am ever so grateful to you for taking this from my concern. God bless in the work you do and with your happy family."
- Sister Josita Karnech
Delaware County
Read more
Home
About Us
Services
Locations
Contact Us
Site Map
Copyright ©
                2026
                Charlie's Transmission. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
-
Terms of Service
This website is a product of the
ATRA Member family of websites
.
Toolbox
Site created and maintained by
Compass Consulting