Best Pizza Royersford | Hoagies | Salads | Rossi's Pizzeria
Skip to content
Take-Out | Dine-In | Delivery | Catering
301 N. Lewis Road, Royersford PA, 19468
Call (610) 792-1974
Rossi's Pizzeria
Home
Menu
Catering
Community
Contact Us
Order Online
Home
Menu
Catering
Community
Contact Us
Baked Ziti & Pasta
Rossi's
All pasta dishes are served with a dinner salad and garlic bread!
Our Menu
Rossi's
Stromboli & Calzone
All are made to order with only the freshest ingredients!
Our Menu
Rossi's
Complete Catering
Rossi's offers a complete italian menu to make your event special!
Catering Menu
Rossi's
Fresh Made Pizza
Our dough is made fresh daily on the premises!
Our Menu
Rossi’s Pizzeria began serving the Royersford community in December of 2002. It is our goal to continue to
deliver quality food, great service and affordable prices
to our valued customers. We are built on long lasting traditions and old time family values.
We strive with every order “to make it like it was for our own family.” Which is what many of our customers have become…a part of our Rossi’s family. We hope to continue this tradition for many years to come.
View Our Menu
Download Our Menu
Our Hours
Take-Out | Dine-In | Delivery | Catering
Sunday – Thursday: 10am – 9pm
Friday: 10am – 10pm
Saturday: 10am – 10pm
See What Our Customers Had to Say About Us!
H Lee W.
“Pizza holds weight, salads are great, sandwiches never disappoint. Love the cheese fries as well. Insider tip, hit that Roman grinder if you’re an Italian hoagie fan!”
Jessica K.
“I’ve been searching for good pizza that delivers to Collegeville for a while now. I ordered Rossi’s last night. Got a personal white pizza with broccoli and garlic, a pepperoni Stromboli (it’s not on the menu but they made me one anyway) and an order of onion rings. Delivery was fast, food was hot, and the pizza was fantastic! Best around that I’ve tried so far! Thin crust and the perfect amount of garlic and cheese. They even gave a delish dipping sauce with the onion rings. So good! We’ll be back!”
Anthony S.
“Best pizza/wings/cheesesteak place in RoFo. Inferno Habanero wings are amazinnnnng.”
Margaret
“Definitely Great Pizza ! Delicious sauce and well done crust. The Brooklyn style Sicilian with fresh mozzarella, garlic and olive oil was my favorite. The plain was also a hit with the thin crust. The people were really friendly when we picked up too. Great recommendation from a neighbor. Thank You.”
John A.
“Me and my family love Rossi’s! We order at least 1x a week and sometimes more. The wings are really good and the pizza is one of the best.”
Michael C.
“Their pizza and strombolis are the best around !I even buy the pizza and take it to Malvern because there is no pizza like ROSSI’S!”
Vanessa S.
“These guys have the best Sicilian Pizza in town. It is a must have on their menu along with several of their other menu items.”
Marc U.
“We love Rossi’s! It’s close to home and the pizza is great! The Italian stromboli is terrific, too. We get take out at least once a week. There’s always a coupon, too. We have food allergies in our household, and they are knowledgeable and caring about that.”
Rossi's Pizza
Park Towne Plaza
301 N. Lewis Road
Royersford, PA 19468
Phone:
(610) 792-1974
Fax: 610-792-1976
Hours of Operation
Take-Out | Dine-In | Delivery | Catering
Sunday-Thursday: 10 am - 9 pm
Friday & Saturday: 10 am - 10 pm
Credit Cards We Accept
Menu
Copyright © 2026 Rossi's Pizzeria | All rights reserved | Website Design & Management by
P1T
powered by
LMS Solutions
|
Privacy Statement
|
Terms of Use
Go to Top