About Our Animal Hospital In Philadelphia | Art City Vets & Urgent Care
top of page
Menu
Close
Home
About
Our Hospital
Our Team
Careers
Community Partners
Upcoming Events
Artist Spotlight
FAQs
Hours
Services
Emergency & Urgent Care
Wellness
Sick Visit
Dentistry
Labs
Pharmacy
Digital Radiography
Surgery
Laser Therapy
Integrative Medicine
Pet Travel
Cat Days
End of Life Care
Forms & Contacts
Resources
Blog
Dog Resources
Pet Portal
Parking Information
Patient Forms
Referral Policy
Payment Options
Call: (215)-563-8387
OUR VETERINARY HOSPITAL
As one of Philadelphia’s only remaining privately owned veterinary practices, Art City Vets provides informed, comprehensive, and personalized veterinary care. These resources, plus the personal feel of our animal hospital, allow you to experience exceptional veterinary care in an intimate neighborhood setting. We are there for you and your pet when you need us. We love what we do, and hope you and your pet feel welcome to join the ACV family.
We are your Philly vet!
Lobby of the Emergency Urgent Care
Art City Vets
Lobby of the Wellness Center
Art City Vets
Street View of Urgent Care
Art City Vets
Lobby of the Emergency Urgent Care
Art City Vets
1/6
Art City Vets & Urgent Care was the first pet Urgent Care in the city of Philadelphia. We are a forward-thinking animal hospital, committed to the development and practice of innovative veterinary medicine. Situated in the heart of Philadelphia, our veterinarians pledge to treat your pet with compassion and professionalism putting his/her health and comfort first. Each of our patients is treated on an individual basis with their unique needs in mind. We will proudly see canines and felines. Our goal is to address all of your questions and concerns about your animal’s health while offering solutions and advice in a considerate, friendly manner.
OUR COMMITMENT
Locally owned and operated by Philadelphia native, Dr. Edward Aller, the vision to start Art City Vets began from his desire to combine the level of medicine expected from a specialty/referral center with the warm, friendly feeling of a small, convenient neighborhood veterinarian.
​
He says, “being a member of this local community, I want to provide its residents with a compassionate and thorough experience for every pet that comes through my door. I feel that this community deserves that type of hands-on, individualized care that puts the pet’s experience first.”
​
We promise to do everything we can to provide the highest level of care to keep your pet well and thriving, while also nurturing the human-animal bond. We understand the benefits of positive interactions with animals in our lives and their profound impact on community health.
Meet Our Team
The Team!
Our Care Policy
At Ar
t City Vets, we are dedicated to teaming up with you, your veterinarian, and our team to deliver your pet the best possible care. Effective communication, mutual respect, and trust are core foundations for achieving this shared goal.
Client Rights:
Experience thoughtful, respectful, and compassionate care from our Veterinarians and staff members.
Receive accurate, clear, and timely information regarding your pet’s health
Be informed about the costs associated with evaluation and treatment options, along with available payment options.
Understand your pet's evaluation, prognosis, and available treatment options, including treatments that may be available via referral to a specialist.
Asking for clarification and understanding if communication is unclear.
Participate in decisions regarding your pet’s care, including the option to decline treatment.
Assurance that personal and medical information is handled in a confidential and private manner.
Client Responsibilities:
Treat every member of our team with respect and courtesy when communicating your needs and concerns.
Disclose relevant, accurate, and complete information about your pet’s history, including patient behavior that may impact staff safety.
Ask for clarification when you do not understand instructions about your pet’s treatment plan.
Minimize injuries and the spread of disease by limiting your pet’s interactions with other animals in our hospital. All dogs must be on leashes, and all cats must be in carriers.
Be understanding of potential wait times due to unforeseen circumstances such as emergencies, staff availability, weather, etc.
Be aware of the consequences for actions or behavior inconsistent with this client's rights and responsibilities, including potential termination of the veterinary-client-patient relationship.
Understand that our staff is always trying their best to provide the most accurate information and appropriate recommendations/care possible.
Understand the financial obligations and payment policies agreed to when your pet receives care.
Support us in providing care to other patients by complying with our scheduling and appointment policies.
*Art City Vets is committed to maintaining a peaceful and safe environment for clients, patients, and staff. Abusive or discriminating behavior will not be tolerated. Such behavior may lead to the denial of service and intervention by law enforcement.*
Quick Links
Services
Our Team
About Us
Resources
Payment Options
Our Services
Urgent Care
Wellness Exams
Dentistry
​
Urgent Care:
2001 Hamilton St. #1, Philadelphia PA 19130
Wellness:
2000 Hamilton St. Ste 109, Philadelphia PA 19130
Practice Info
Location
Phone
(215)-563-8387
Surgery
Integrative Medicine
Pharmacy
Pet Travel
Mail
info@artcityvets.com
Info
Urgent Care
Mon-Fri 8AM-7PM
Sat: 8AM-5PM
Sun:8AM-3PM
Wellness:
Mon-Fri: 8AM-7PM
©2026 by
www.artcityvets.com
Sitemap
bottom of page